Marita Cheng founded 2Mar, a company which creates robotic arms for the mobility-impaired.
Megan Smith is Chief Technology Officer of the United States, working on increasing access to technology across the nation.
Dr. Wanda Austin is president and CEO of The Aerospace Corporation, which deals with US Security in Space.
Danielle Feinberg is the director of lighting at Pixar. She has worked on many Blockbuster hits, like Brave and Inside Out!
Ada Lovelace wrote a program for Charles Babbage's mechanical computer in the 1800s. She is often regarded as the first programmer!
Grace Hopper invented the first compiler! This allows people to program in English rather than 0's and 1's.
Evelyn Rios is the Co-founder of Evee, an app that helps you find events in your area.
Helen Greiner is the founder of iRobot Roomba, a robotic, hand-free vacuum.
Marci Harris and cachna Choudry founded PopVox, an app that allows users to see what bills are being discussed in Congress.
Shafi Goldwasser is a Professor of Computer Science in the Theory of Computation at MIT’s CSAIL laboratory, who specializes in cryptography. For her contributions to computer science she received a Turing award (the equivalent of the Nobel Prize in computer science) in 2012.
Latanya Sweeney is the founder and director of the Data Privacy Lab at Carnegie Mellon. She created DataFly and Scrub which help to de-identify medical documents.
Ruzwana Bashir founded Peek, a company that matches tourists up with tour operators in over 20 cities.
Kelechi founded Zuvvaa, a website where people from anywhere in the world can buy clothes from African fashion brands.
Vanessa Hurst founded CodeMontage, a company that connects people wanting to practice their coding with non-profits looking for help with their application.
Adele Goldberg is a computer scientist who graduated with a PhD in information science from the University of Chicago. She was one of the key developers (alongside Alan Kay) of Smalltalk, one of the first object-oriented programming languages, based on Simula.
Erna Schneider Hoover worked at Bell Labs (the Google X of its time) in the 1950s. She invented a telephone switching method to cope with call traffic at peak times. Thanks Erna for improving call drop rates!
Leah Buechley is an engineer and artist with a PhD from the university of Colorado at Boulder. She invented the LilyPad for Arduino toolkit that is used to make wearable electronics.
Aprielle Ericsson-Jackson was the first African-American Female PhD at NASA Goddard. She designs satellites to monitor Earth.
Ayah Bdeir founded a company called littleBits. By selling fun electronics kits, littleBits aims to lead a “hardware renaissance,” so that “everyone, regardless of age, gender, technical ability, or discipline, can be creative with electronics and reinvent their world.”
Chieko Asakawa is a blind Japanese computer scientist. She developed technologies for accessibility, to help blind users utilize the Web.
Sally Floyd is one of the top 10 most-cited researchers in computer science. She helped relieve congestion over the Internet.
Susan Estrada founded CERFNET, one of the first networks to use IP.
Radia Perlman invented Spanning Tree Protocols which connect networks to each other.
Elizabeth Feinler directed the Network Information Center, which was part of ARPANet, which developed into the Internet.
Ginni Rometty is the first female CEO of IBM. She joined the company as a systems engineer back in 1981 and worked her way up to the top!
Susan Wojciki is the CEO of YouTube. Wojcicki uses her influence to campaign for a cause that is important to her and other career women and men alike: paid parental leave.
Sheryl Sandber is the COO at Facebook. In 2016, she was named the seventh most powerful woman in the world by Forbes.